# Configuration

The Corbado Node.js SDK uses a configuration object to manage various settings. This object is created using the `Config` class, which takes 4 parameters: `projectID`, `apiSecret`, `frontendAPI` and `backendAPI`.

## Creating a Configuration Object

Here is an example of how to create a configuration object:

```javascript
import { Config } from '@corbado/node-sdk';

const projectID = process.env.CORBADO_PROJECT_ID;
const apiSecret = process.env.CORBADO_API_SECRET;
const frontendAPI = process.env.CORBADO_FRONTEND_API;
const backendAPI = process.env.CORBADO_BACKEND_API;

const config = new Config(projectID, apiSecret, frontendAPI, backendAPI);
```

## Validation in Config Class

The `Config` class validates the `projectID`, `apiSecret`, `frontendAPI` and `backendAPI` parameters. The `projectID` must start with 'pro-', the `apiSecret` must start with 'corbado1', both APIs should be domain names and the pathname should be empty. If these conditions are not met, an error is thrown.

## Config Class Properties

The `Config` class also sets several other properties:

- `ShortSessionCookieName`: The name of the short session cookie. By default, this is set to `cbo_short_session`.
- `CacheMaxAge`: The maximum age for the cache. By default, this is set to 60000 milliseconds (1 minute).
- `JWTIssuer`: The issuer for the JWT. This is generated by appending `/.well-known/jwks` to the FrontendAPI.
  These properties are used throughout the SDK to configure various services. For example, the `BackendAPI`, `projectID`, and `apiSecret` are used to create an Axios client in the SDK class.

### Environment Variables

Remember to set the `CORBADO_PROJECT_ID`, `CORBADO_API_SECRET`, `CORBADO_FRONTEND_API` and `CORBADO_BACKEND_API` environment variables in your project. These are used to create the `Config` object.
